[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
horror film annihilation
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
lena the sole survivor of an expedition
is questioned in a room by a man
and watched by others outside of the
glass wall people are so curious about
how she manages to live for four months
in an isolated operation area with only
a two-week food supply
while all other members of her team are
dead lena looks confused
and starts her reminiscence lena is a
cellular biology professor working at a
university
after she finishes her seven-year
services in the army
she met her husband there who's still a
soldier the couple's peaceful and happy
life is interrupted
after the husband's disappearance due to
a military mission he volunteered to
join
with no information or any ways to
contact her husband for a year
lena suffers deep loneliness and
desperation however
she finds her husband unexpectedly
coming back home one day
after a tight hug in joyful tears lena
notices his changes
he seems to have some memory loss frozen
facial expression
and he is official with lina lina calls
the ambulances as soon as she sees her
husband bleeding
however his condition quickly
deteriorates with severe bleeding and
twitch
security forces intercept the ambulance
and give lena a tranquilizer shot
later lena wakes up an award facing a
government psychologist called dr
ventress
who says her husband is in intensive
care because he suffers many organ
failures and massive blood loss
lena suspects that her husband has
exposed to strong radiation
or is infected by some virus she demands
to know her husband's mission
so as to assure why he's in such a bad
condition
ventress takes lena out of the lab ward
to see a strange colorful dome
that she has never seen before the dome
known as the shimmer
appeared three years ago on earth after
an unidentified object crashed in a
lighthouse
countless people and drones were sent to
investigate but nothing came back
except lena's husband what's worse the
shimmer devoured more and more around it
and expanded wider and wider lena's
husband is the only survivor returning
from the shimmer by far
to reveal what the shimmer has done to
her husband lena decides to join
ventress's scientific expedition
together with three other members a
physicist a geomorphologist
and a paramedic even though they are
aware that once they are in
their lives will be in great danger the
teams still head into the shimmer
because each one of the team has a
reason to accept such a deadly mission
lina says she wants to do it for her
husband's cure but she conceals the
guilt for cheating on her husband with
her colleague
sometime later the group awaken in the
shimmer and check their backpacks
from the food left they know they have
been inside the shimmer for at least
four to five days
but none of them can remember anything
after entering the shimmer
moreover their communication and
navigation equipment are in good
condition
but can't send any signals out the group
find an abandoned hut and some boats
near a swamp
they discover some mutated plants
growing with different types of flowers
on one stem
suddenly an albino alligator attacks
them but gets killed
lena thinks the alligator is mutated too
because there are rows of shark-like
teeth
growing in its mouth the closer they
head to the lighthouse
the deeper a mutation phase goes all
objects inside the shimmer
all seem to have been affected their
dnas are scrambled and reformed between
species
which causes their appearances to be
mixed and merged together
the group continues by boat and arrives
at an old base
that gets swallowed by the ever-growing
shimmer a long time ago
plants with malignant mutation like
tumors grow on the surface of a building
in the messy hall lina sees a guarding
schedule of her husband's team
ventress finds a memory card that's kept
for the followers by the former team
it contains video footage showing her
husband cut another soldier's belly open
and something horrible is moving inside
like headless snakes
ventress leads everyone to a swimming
pool where they find the dead soldier in
the video
lichens have grown in all directions
from the cut in the soldier's body
and a snake tattoo is on his arm at
night nina checks the dead soldiers cell
samples they are strangely colorful and
dividing
then she goes to see ventress who is on
guard asking why her husband wants to
accept such a suicide mission ventress
explains in a psychological way
that her husband is looking for
self-destruction but not suicide
people have different ways to
self-destruct such as smoking
drinking a large amount of hormone let
go or even destroying happy marriages
lena does not respond to ventresses
implying a scream wakes everyone up
the group stare into the darkness and
alarm with guns ready to shoot
a huge bear comes out of nowhere and
drags the geomorphologist away with its
mouth
the paramedic is so scared that she
wants to follow the route back
but ventress insists on investigating
the lighthouse
lena persuades the paramedic that it
will take six days to walk back
but it only takes two days to get out of
the shimmer by boat after they arrive at
the lighthouse
however lena hasn't been very honest
with her team
and she knows she needs help from the
team to uncover the secret of the
shimmer
while ventress has terminal cancer with
no family or friends
but the just determination to learn the
truth behind the shimmer
later before people keep moving in the
woods and find a boot belonging to the
girl
taken away by the bear lena wants to
search for the girl by herself
but encounters a deer with its duplicate
both deers move synchronously
which freaks lena out after that she
finds the girl killed by the mutated
bear
she then rejoins the team and tells them
the geomorphologist's death
the team soon reach a town where plants
are growing into human shape
the physicist reasons that the radio
waves and signals are not blocked in the
shimmer
but just get refracted so are the dnas
of everything
which well explains the mixed mutation
lina's guilt makes it hard to sleep at
night
because her husband actually chose to
take the mission after he figures out
her affair
later she is awakened and finds herself
tied to a chair by the paramedic
who also ties the other girls too the
paramedic knows lena's husband from a
picture she finds in her locket
so she believes that lena tricks
everyone here right then
the tied up three discover that the
paramedic's body is mutating
and her flesh is moving when the
paramedic is about to attack the girls
they hear the dead geomorphologists
scream for help
the paramedic runs to save the
geomorphologist but gets hurt by the
mutated bear
frequently what comes out of the bear's
mouth when it roars
is the screams of the geomorphologist
before her death
the injured paramedic shoots the bear
gets killed immediately
the physicist frees herself and kills
the bear and saves the other two
after the accident ventress doesn't want
to waste any time
but walks to the lighthouse by herself
immediately the next day
the physicist asks lena's opinions about
her refraction theory
lena agrees and admits that her body is
mutating now
the physicist rejects lena's suggestion
of heading forward
it seems like the physicist has given up
fighting with a mutation
but to accept it after seeing so much
horrible death
lena knows that the plant's dna has
refracted to the physicist
since leaves and sprouts are growing out
of her body
lena follows few steps behind the
physicist who is walking towards the
woods
to her surprise the physicist has
vanished and becomes a human-shaped
plant
later lena walks to the lighthouse alone
and a snake tattoo begins to show on her
arm she arrives at the shimmering
lighthouse finally
and discovers a hole on the ground a
burnt body
as well as a camera facing the body the
video in the camera shocks the out
lena
it's nobody but her husband sitting on
where the burnt body is
the video shows her husband is not sure
whether he is himself anymore
because his flesh starts moving like
liquid and his mind is cut loose
after instructing someone to find his
wife lena he burned himself with a
grenade
then a guy with the exact same look as
her husband walks into the video scene
lena suddenly realizes that the husband
comes back to her
is not her real husband but an alien
duplicate
to know how that happens lena ventures
into the hole
and finds ventresses already there she
says the alien is talking to her in her
body
and she is going to annihilate and a
great beam of light comes out of her
mouth
while her body is vanishing in sparks
shortly after ventress's body is
annihilated
a nebulous ball of energy is left lena
is too occupied by it to aware that a
drop of her blood is absorbed into it
the blood cell starts to divide and
produce more
and finally a humanoid thing is created
in fear lina shoots at the thing but to
no avail
when lena climbs out of the hole in a
hurry she finds the thing is
already out lena hits the thing with the
camera stick
but gets knocked down when she regains
her consciousness
lena is horrified to realize that the
thing even mimics her motions
she then slowly walks to the wall picks
a grenade up from the floor
and puts it into the thing's hand as
soon as lena contacts the thing's hand
it changes into lena's appearance
unbelievably lena runs out of the
lighthouse
after activating the grenade which burns
the alien thing
however instead of chasing lena the
alien goes to touch the husband's body
and ignites it then she sets fire to the
hole after she goes back
inside soon the whole lighthouse is set
on fire
as well as the mutated trees outside the
lighthouse
because of that the shimmer vanishes
eventually
back into the questioning room all
workers are shocked by lena's story
but there are no other explanations that
can be proved they could not find
anything in the former shimmer area
because everything is burnt to ash
no one can explain why the aliens and
the shimmer are here on earth
lena asks to meet her husband who has
magically healed
thanks to the disappearance of the
shimmer lena walks closer to him
and asks whether he's her real husband
the man gives her a negative reply as
expected
however when the man asks back if she's
lena
lena doesn't answer it the man stands
up and puts lena in his arms colors like
the shimmer shine in their eyes
while they are hugging indicating that
they both seemingly are not
a real human anymore this is daniel cc
movie channel
peace out